This license (“EULA”) serves as an addendum to Apple’s LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, accessible at https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/. EULA is a legal contract between the end users (“you”, “participants”) of this application and Vladislav Ekimtcov and Iaroslav Ekimtcov (“the developer”)
a.	The text content within this application is protected by copyright law. Please do not steal it, countless hours and gallons of tears had been poured into this :(
b.	Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DEVELOPER BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF THE DEVELOPER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of five US dollars ($5.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
c.	This application provides binary action suggestions (“playing cards”). You acknowledge that playing cards are not binding contracts. You agree to moderate participants’ actions, performing as a ”moderator”. The moderator agrees to cease gameplay when it is reasonable. 
d.	The participants agree not to participate in activities illegal in their jurisdiction during gameplay. The participants assume full liability for such illegal actions they perform. 
e.	You agree to inform other participants of this EULA, it’s parent document, and appropriate regulation. 
f.	The views, thoughts, and opinions expressed within this application belong solely to the developer and do not express anybody else’s. 
g.	The developer has no affiliation with, or endorsement by Instagram, LLC (registered owner of the Instagram trademark), Snap Inc. (registered owner of the Snapchat trademark), Match Group, LLC (registered owner of the Tinder trademark), Jaguar Land Rover Limited (registered owner of the Land Rover trademark), Apple, Inc. (registered owner of the FaceTime, Siri, iMessage trademarks), Restaurant Brands International (registered owner of the Burger King trademark), PayPal and Braintree (registered owners of the Venmo trademark), Darden Restaurants (registered owner of the Olive Garden trademark), Paramount Pictures (registered distributor of the Wolf of Wall Street film), and Amazon.com, Inc. (registered owner of the Amazon.com trademark).  
